# RetroArch-Playlists-with-Thumbnails
Create RetroArch Customized Playlist (optionally with Thumbnails)


### Goal
This script was made to easily create playlists from a set of ROMs (*.zip format) in several folders and subfolders and also get the thumbnails from the assets previosly downloaded from https://www.progettosnaps.net
They are meant to be used in Lakka, running in Capcom Home Arcade (hence the folder named CHA_LAKKA, so it can be loaded from USB or copied to internal memory or SD card) but should work with other ReatroArch installations with little (or even no) changes.


### How to use
'create_RA_playlists.sh' is meant to run under linux. It was tested in Ubuntu running under Windows 10.
1. Open that file and change the firt lines to match the path where you have the boxart (or flyers), screenshots and titles. Or let any of them be empty to skip creating the correspondig thumbnails, like this:
```
BOXARTS=""
SNAPS=""
TITLES=""
```
If the three options are empty, only the playlists are created, not the thumbnails folders.

2. There is a variable ```BASEPATH="/storage/roms"``` that should not be changed for use in Lakka.

3. DEFAULTCOREPATH and DEFAULTCORENAME are used to set a default core to the playlists.

4. The file 'games_names.txt' is generated by MAME with the command "mame64.exe -listfull" and can be updated the same way.

5. Put some ROMS in folders inside the 'roms' folder. They can be organized in subfolders, and a playlist will be created for each (sub) folder.
For example:
```
roms/*.zip     (wil be ignored)
roms/Fight/*.zip     (will create a playlist named "Fight")
roms/Fight/Versus/*.zip   (will create a playlist names "Fight - Versus")
```

6. Check if the thumbnails are OK. When an image with the same name as the *.zip is not found, a thumbnail file with zero bytes is still generated, for easy way to track missing images and know the correct name the thumbnail must have.

7. Copy ROMs and playlists (and thumbnails) to the Lakka shared folders.

8. Restart RetroArch and play.
